Add interfaces to OpenSearchClient's namespaces API specifications (fixes #423) (#646)
opensearch-project/opensearch-net: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading OpenSearch.Net & OpenSearch.Client

## [Unreleased]

### OpenSearch.Client

> #### General
> - Namespaced APIs, exposed in `IOpenSearchClient`, have gained an interface, and the properties on `IOpenSearchClient` and `OpenSearchClient` have been changed to the new interfaces. For example, `IOpenSearchClient.Cluster` was `ClusterNamespace` and now is `IClusterNamespace`.

Reviewer: Sorry I should have given more info, `2.0.0` is the in-development unreleased major version, so this can go in the existing `1.x.y to 2.0.0 > OpenSearch.Client > General` section. 

Wording wise I would potentially rephrase this as:
```suggestion
#### General
- The namespaced APIs exposed in `IOpenSearchClient` have each gained a corresponding interface and the types of the properties on `IOpenSearchClient` and `OpenSearchClient` have been changed from the concrete implementations to the matching interfaces. For example, `IOpenSearchClient.Cluster` was `ClusterNamespace` and now is `IClusterNamespace`.
```

Author: This has been updated.
